Truffle - is a world-class development
environment, testing framework and asset
pipeline for blockchains using the Ethereum
Virtual Machine (EVM), aiming to make life
as a developer easier

Ganache is a personal blockchain for rapid Ethereum
and Filecoin distributed application development.
Ganache can be used across the entire development
cycle; enables to develop, deploy, and test dAppsin a
safe and deterministic environment. - It comes in two flavors: a UI and CLI.- 
It gives you 10 free accounts with 100 fake ethers each for testing purposes.

Metamask extension makes it easier to
interact with DApp by making browsers
act like an Ethereum Wallet.

The Remix Project is a rich toolset
that can be used for the entire
journey of contract development by
users of any knowledge level, and as
a learning lab for teaching and
experimenting with Ethereum.

View functions in Solidity are designed
to retrieve and return data from the
blockchain without modifying the state
of the contract.

Pure function is a function that doesn't
read or modify the variables of the state of
the contract.

Constants are variables that cannot be modified.

Mapping Is a data structure used to associate values with unique keys. It is
similar to a hash table or dictionary in other programming
languages.

Error Handling An error will undo all changes made to the state during a transaction. You can throw an error by calling require, revert or assert.
Use custom error to save gas

The constructor keyword is used to define a constructor function for
a smart contract

In Solidity, functions can be called to provide multiple outputs
(unnamed), named outputs and can call values from another
function using destructuring assignment

Solidity arrays, like any programming language, store multiple
elements of the same data type. There are two main types of
arrays: fixed-size arrays and dynamic arrays.

A user-defined data type that allows you
to group together different data types
under a single name. It's similar to a class
in object-oriented programming
languages.

Structs can be declared
outside of a contract
and imported in
another contract.

enum Short for enumeration, this is a userdefined 
data type that consists of a set ofexplicitly 
named integer constants.

Data Storage 







